Interceptor level request/response logging (#5731)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/configurations/configure-logs-router.md

'x-envoy-decorator-operation', 'localhost:^/v2/pet/findByStatus(\?([^/]+))?$'
```

Follow [command line options]({{envoy_path}}/operations/cli) for more information.

## Interceptor level debug logging

To enable interceptor level debug logging, you need to do the following configuration. 

1. Add `lua:debug` component to the `TRAILING_ARGS` like below:
```yaml
TRAILING_ARGS=--component-log-level http:debug,http2:debug,conn_handler:debug,lua:debug
```

2. Enable debug logs in `log_config.toml` file:
```toml
[debugLogs]
 enable = true
```

> With the above configuration, you can get router logs with headers and body information of the requests and responses. This is helpful to identify the header/body changes occurs in request and/or response paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the above configuration, you can get Router logs with headers and body information of the requests and responses. This is helpful to identify the header/body changes that occur in the request and/or response paths.

```

'x-envoy-decorator-operation', 'localhost:^/v2/pet/findByStatus(\?([^/]+))?$'
```

Follow [command line options]({{envoy_path}}/operations/cli) for more information.

## Interceptor level debug logging

To enable interceptor level debug logging, you need to do the following configuration. 

1. Add `lua:debug` component to the `TRAILING_ARGS` like below:

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Please tab the code blocks so that it comes as a sub-line in the numbered list. If this is not done, the list numbering breaks.

TRAILING_ARGS=--component-log-level http:debug,http2:debug,conn_handler:debug,lua:debug
```

> 2. Enable debug logs in `log_config.toml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enable debug logs in the `log_config.toml` file:
```
